Right.
So let's go to this problem.
And I have this written here, which is then in five or ten years, the weight of the elevator, which
is X and five, is N, and I have these five which H have just taken the input.
Now what we want to do is we want to find out the values of FMG.
Right?
So we basically we need to be at a rate of what are the states in F, so F contains a set so it will
have one to race to the ballot and states.
Right.
And similarly G will also have those many states.
So what I'll do is I just take a pair.
Of Indian, and I call it best rate.
And I'd say that this is these many states.
So because we know for a particular F okay we're are with recursive yeah.
For one particular effendi that means for one unique set I want to find out values of F g and those
values are kind of tied together so that they can appear here.
You can feel free to take off and do independently.
It doesn't matter, actually.
So in this case, what happens is that we of some mosque dart first is nothing but that set.
That said, whatever it is, it's f value rate F of mosque and best mosque dart second.
Instead of best lips quality.
So deep.
Debbie Moscow, Michigan is nothing worthy of mass.
There is a minimum wage that was used.
To try to make this more stable.
I do make this subsector of it.
So, yeah, let's build a base case.
So we know the base case was very simple.
We discussed it, which is this.
And for phase one and f g of zero.
Right.
So let's say DP is DP of zero.
That is five is one comma zero verdict.
Now, let's iterate over all the mask.
Musk starts from one because we already feel the value of zero and it will go for one less often for
all these objects full.
And now simple.
If I want to add the debt element paid, if I want to add digital element into the mass.
So before moving on to the G8 element, let's just mark something, let's just mark let's just give
this DB mod something big value, right?
So that it takes because we'll be taking minimum range.
So it just take the correct minimum 40.
Right.
The first one is the right.
Which is right.
And the second one is Wait, wait.
So don't get confused.
So what I'll do is if I want to add digital element into the current mask, what I see is that the dead
weight of the mask should be set.
Right.
And just give me a sec.
So this has a bad timing.
Yeah.
So what I would say is simply save mask, right, Shivaji?
And what that means.
The good bit of my spouse said that means I if there did be Damascus said I'll get educated.
Yeah.
So it's similar to this.
If these you know, the British said that means I have to depend on its answer.
Correct.
Because here you can see this.
This is the with the way they instead of they let me by them.
If I want to divide person to the.
Now what that means.
Now a divided person is actually coming into the elevator.
That means 5% is the last one to come into the elevator.
And I tried this for all device that will give me the best answer rate.
Yeah.
So if divide person was the last one to enter this mask, then.
Very simple.
There are two options only include white person and or excluded.
So I'll only included if.
Okay.
Before moving forward, let's take parent aid.
So let's take the new mask where the answer depends on the aid.
That means if.
The subset which does not contain the virus, and there will be nothing but masks or one left.
Right.
So it's not right.
So this is the new mask.
And let's.
What is the answer on the new mask?
Let let's just take the normal answer, which is wearing what was kept on the new mask grade where we
depend on where we are and so depend on.
What was kept there.
So let's stick a temp, right?
Or let's call previous rate.
So what is the previous age values?
So it is nothing but deeply new musk.
Correct.
So whatever was the minimum number of right for the previous vote for the new mosque or the previous
mosque, and then that's kept you full.
So what I simply say is if I if I want to include divide percent into the.
LS.
Yeah.
Okay.
Did I do something else?
I don't know why this.
Well, I think there is some bracket misplaced.
Okay, let's begin from here.
If I want to include divided percent into the current months, what I'll simply say is, if this previous
writes right's second value, what is the second value?
Nothing but the way the previous rates fade.
Plus the current guys weight, which is device.
Wait.
So wait off.
Why?
If this is less than equal to X, I can include him in the way.
Okay.
I can include him into my where do we say currently if I want, including my I will simply say it is
nothing.
So what happens with the previous rate?
The previous rates first doesn't change.
So it is same rate.
That means I'm not increasing the rate.
It's the same thing.
But previous rate rate.
Since there is this second value of it, that is the devalue of the previous rate change.
That is.
Nothing.
But, uh, I'll just add the current guys.
We're in this.
So it's doing this.
And the second part of it is if I exclude the person X.
Include the percent rate or exclude divide.
Person.
That means I can only assume the.
He's weird.
And the previous age was greater than x.
So if.
So, if I'm excluding the person, that means now I'm starting a new right.
New ride with y, right.
Starting a new date with vaporizes.
Simply say previous rate or first place.
That means whatever the number of rates were there for the previous month, now their rates have increased
by one because now we have a new rate and seconding for the new video we will write the second.
That means a new video will be just the weight of Y by just the weight of y.
Because he's going alone in this new what I write no bull.
And what I'll do is whenever I've got the answer from the previous date instead of previous rate, let
me write it as option.
This was that option that we had these two options and whatever was the option, what?
I'll simply say that view of the current mask is nothing but minimum of.
Whatever the best option it got.
That means minimum of the minimum rate, whatever it got.
And this, that is the current option.
But all the options, I'm just taking their minimums.
Cool.
So what does this mean?
That means this 110 can be made from via 111.
One can be made from 110101 or 011.
So whatever.
Best number of rates they all give me.
I'll take the minimum rate.
And of course, you can say that this is a parenting.
So the first one is right.
So the minimum number of eight it will depend on.
And the second is, if the writer's name, it will just take the minimum weight, whichever it is giving
it the minimum eight to finally.
Oh, okay.
I think I, I.
There's something bad with the brackets.
They let me build it and take a building.
Yeah.
So it's building and where the final answer is.
So the final answer will be nothing.
But I want to carry all the people so deep of one left shift.
And minus one.
That means carrying all the equipment.
And what's the.
Minimum number of rights.
So the minimum number of rights is nothing but first.
So in this, what I can see is.
Okay.
What I have got.
Well, sorry.
I am printing it for all the.
Correct?
Yeah.
No, it's fine.
I always had this indentation issues.
So this is the first.
So this is the of rights, which is true.
And if we want to print what is the minimum number of weight that was used in the last eight that also
I can bring now.
Right.
That means this value which is stipulated checking.
And here we can see the minimum growth rate.
In the last it was nine.
That was three plus six, eight.
And the mean and the previous rate that was before this nine was this that is five plus three plus two,
which is ten.
So I hope you got the problem and the solution.
And it's a very nice problem.
It's.